please welcome mr. Stephan Winkelmann
president and CEO auto movie Lamborghini
how it's a very great honor for me to be
able to present to you the Lamborghini
concept car we have for you this evening
Lamborghinis product strategy is based
on two model series demasiado and the
Gallardo and our big promise is that
each and every year we will be launching
a new product this year it was the guy
Otto lp560 / 4 and the product strategy
and the entire strategy of Virginia has
been a success in the first nine months
of this year we delivered five percent
more cars than in the previous year and
our economic results are once again on
record setting course but in order to
achieve a quantum leap in growth you
have to think about a third model series
and that is why it is great pleasure to
present for me now to present to you the
new concept car
you
better I multiple my damn on ham day
lamborghini ahsoka we have on guitar
Debbie regular basis farts like the
stockroom d'marco buford and content
only the by volga market Democritus of
aggravation home visit dr. Dempsey las
become the sign a very if at the image
and we came to the conclusion that a
really Italian extremely sporty and also
elegant saloon or sedan is really
missing on our road the Lamborghini
ahsoka is a concept car with four doors
we have four individual seats and it has
a luggage department volume of more than
450 litres now this car has a strong v10
middle pension with permanent all-wheel
drive and of course with a very
precisely tuned running gear so in other
words it's a car for everyday use which
is completely consistent with
Lamborghinis brand value is extreme
uncompromising and Italian and the name
ahsoka
comes from the corrida so it's okay
means is the dagger of the torero of the
bullfighter now ladies and gentlemen I
am very proud to show you this card in a
beginner's okay Lamborghinis most recent
concept car thank you for your attention
you